[Test]
Right from the start
You were a thief
You stole my heart
And I your willing victim
I let you see the parts
Of me that weren't all that pretty
And with every touch you fixed them
Now you've been talkin' in your sleep
Uh-oh. things you never say to me
Uh-oh. tell me that you've had enough
Of our love. our love
Just give me a reason
Just a little bit's enough
Just a second. we're not broken just bent
And we can learn to love again
It's in the stars. it's been written in the scars
On our hearts
We're not broken. just bent
And we can learn to love again
I'm sorry I don't understand
Where all of this is coming from
I thought that we were fine
Oh. we had everything
Your head is running wild again
My dear. we still have everythin'
And it's all in your mind
Yeah. but this is happenin'
You've been havin' real bad dreams
Uh-oh. you used to lie so close to me
Uh-oh. there's nothing more than empty sheets
Between our love. our love
Oh. our love. our love. (oh)!
Just give me a reason
Just a little bit's enough
Just a second. we're not broken just bent
And we can learn to love again
I never stop. you're still written in the scars
on my heart
You're not broken just bent
And we can learn to love again
Oh tear ducts and rust
I'll fix it for us
We're collecting dust
But our love's enough
You're holding it in
You're pouring a drink
No. nothing is as
Bad... as... it... seems
We'll come clean!
Just give me a reason
Just a little bit's enough
Just a second. we're not broken just bent
And we can learn to love again
It's in the stars. it's been written in the scars
On our hearts
That we're not broken. just bent
And we can learn to love again
Just give me a reason
Just a little bit's enough
Just a second. we're not broken just bent
And we can learn to love again
It's in the stars. it's been written in the scars
On our hearts
That we're not broken just bent
And we can learn to love again
Oh. we can learn to love again
oh.That we're not broken just bent
And we can learn to love again